README.md, before:

# Potion Shop

[Live Site](http://potions.tesiatran.com/)

## Project Details

Potion Shop is a full-stack LAMP & React shopping cart app. Inspired by J.K. Rowling's wizarding world, the shop has unique "potions" meant for all Witches, Wizards, and even Muggles. You can find remedies for a variety of needs, including aches/pains, stress, insomnia, and more. Browse items, add to cart, delete from cart, and checkout when ready!

### Built with:

- React
- JavaScript
- CSS3
- HTML5
- PHP
- MySQL
- AJAX calls

## Initial Setup

1. Fork this repository and clone the fork using your terminal.
    - `git clone https://github.com/[Your User Name]/hp-potion-tracker.git`

2. Navigate to the `/hp-potion-tracker` directory.
    - `cd hp-potion-tracker`

3. Open the `index.html` file and enjoy!

## Contributions

I am always looking to improve and would love to hear from you! Please feel free to fork this repo and submit pull requests. You can also send any suggestions to [tesiatran88@gmail.com](mailto:tesiatran88@gmail.com).

Commit message:

Updated README with better setup instructions.

README.md, after:

# Potion Shop

[Live Site](http://potions.tesiatran.com/)

## Project Details

Potion Shop is a full-stack LAMP & React shopping cart app. Inspired by J.K. Rowling's wizarding world, the shop has unique "potions" meant for all Witches, Wizards, and even Muggles. You can find remedies for a variety of needs, including aches/pains, stress, insomnia, and more. Browse items, add to cart, delete from cart, and checkout when ready!

Disclaimer: Please note that this site is for demonstration purposes only. No real products are being sold. Do not enter real information upon checkout.

### Built with:

- React
- JavaScript
- CSS3
- HTML5
- MySQL + phpMyAdmin
- Bootstrap 4
- PHP

## Initial Setup

1. Fork this repository and clone the fork using your terminal.
    - `git clone https://github.com/[Your User Name]/hp-potion-tracker.git`

2. Navigate to the `/hp-potion-tracker` directory.
    - `cd hp-potion-tracker`

3. Install the necessary dependencies.
    - `npm install`

4. Start your dev environment with Apache2 and MySQL.
    - `sudo service apache2 start`
    - `sudo service mysqld start`

5. Initiate the dev server.
    - `npm run dev`

6. Go to `localhost:3000` in your browser and enjoy!

## Contributions

I am always looking to improve and would love to hear from you! Please feel free to fork this repo, make changes, and submit pull requests. You can also send any suggestions to [tesiatran88@gmail.com](mailto:tesiatran88@gmail.com).
